---
title: Mapping Queer Homelessness
---


## Phase 1: LGBTQ+ Homelessness Survey

We know LGBTQ+ homelessness is a problem, but we don’t know much about why, or
who is most affected. Some groups have been extensively studied – especially
young people in urban areas. Others have had very little attention – those over
25, those in rural areas and those not accessing homelessness support services.
This survey is the largest of its kind. It will provide baseline information
about the percentage of LGBTQ+ people experiencing homelessness, how many
LGBTQ+ people have experienced homelessness and risk of homelessness over their
lives, and how many LGBTQ+ people are at risk of homelessness. It will also
improve our understanding of how LGBTQ+ homelessness is geographically
distributed (where LGBTQ+ people at risk of homelessness live), and how age and
identity might affect risk of homelessness. The survey is running until autumn
2023 and open to all UK resident LGBTQ+ adults (You can complete it here  xyz)

## Phase 2: Queer narratives of home/lessness

Starting in early 2024, we will be looking at how loss of home interacts with
geographic mobility. Queer migration, especially rural to urban, has a dual
resonance. Among policy-makers it has largely been understood in terms of loss
and desperation, while among queer people it has cultural resonance as a theme
of hope, beginning and becoming (<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=88sARuFu-tc>).
It is complicated by homelessness policies which do not recognise aspects of
queer experience, such as the importance of found families. We will use
narrative mapping to explore the importance of space, place, time and identity
to queer people who have experienced homelessness.
